Nordwind
https://nordwindairlines.ru/

1) summary: Check language changing (en/ru). 
test steps: 1. Click language icon at the header of the site.
expected result: All texts on the site are written in the right language.

2) summary: Check currency changing (rub/eur/usd). 
test steps: 1. Click currency icon at the header of the site.
expected result: All price tags are shown in the right currency.

3) summary: Check online flights shedule correctness.
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Онлайн-табло" link.
expected result: Shown information is correct and equals with the real.

4) summary: Check searching flight by number
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Онлайн-табло" link. 3. Fill in the "Поиск по номеру рейса" field.
expected result: The list of flights contains only needed flights.

5) summary: Check mailing.
test steps: 1. Click e-mail address in the footer of the site.
expected result: Mailing application opened & you are able to send a mail.

6) summary: Check searching ticket information
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Мой билет" link. 3. Fill the ticket number & second name in the form.
expected result: The ticlet information is shown.

7) summary: subscribe to SMS notifications with flight details
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Забронировать авиабилет" link. 3. Select needed flight in the list below. 
4. Click "Ввести данные пассажира" button. 5. Click "Я согласен получать СМС-рассылку" checkbox. 6. Finish ticket booking.
expected result: SMS-notifications are successfully sending to the specified phone number.

8) summary: Check sending application for charter flight.
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Чартерные перевозки" link. 3. Click on the shown e-mail address. 4. Send your application.
expected result: Charter flight application is sent succesfully.

9) summary: Check online check-in. 
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Регистрация на рейс" link. 3. Click "Онлайн регистрация" link. 4. Fill in your flight data.
expected result: Check-in is successfully completed.

10) summary: Check choosing sit place in the plane while checking-in.
test steps: 1. Click the burger menu button. 2. Click "Регистрация на рейс" link. 3. Click "Онлайн регистрация" link. 4. Fill in your flight data. 
5. Click button "Выбрать место". 6. Select the sit place on the plane scheme.
expected result: The ticket has needed place to sit after the checking-in completed.

Bugs & incorrectness:
 - searching icon in header need gutter.
 - page "Забронировать авиабилет" isn't flexible even for desktop devices.
 - when trying to pass to the "онлайн-регистрация" page the error occures.